---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 32 Day 4: Evil of Judah"
date: 2024-08-08
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2024/wk32-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 32
dayNum: 4
language: English
cycle: 2024
---

### Question

What did Ahaz king of Judah do what was evil in the eyes of the Lord?
{% include BibleLinks2024.html %}

### Meditation: God's Story

- Azariah son of Amaziah became king of Judah and he reigned in Jerusalem fifty-two years.
- Zechariah son of Jeroboam became king of Israel in Samaria, and he reigned six months. Shallum son of Jabesh became king, and he reigned in Samaria one month. Menahem son of Gadi became king of Israel, and he reigned in Samaria ten years.
- Ahaz son of Jotham king of Judah, unlike David his father, followed the ways of the kings of Israel and did not do what was right in the eyes of the Lord his God.
- Rezin king of Aram and Pekah son of Remaliah king of Israel marched up to fight against Jerusalem and besieged Ahaz, but they could not overpower him.
- Ahaz sought help from king of Assyria, he tampered with the altar and changed the worship rituals then removed the sacred objects from the temple.

### Meditation: My Story

- **Identity** - Ahaz tampered with the altar and the ritual. How do these remind me? Have I overlooked the worshiping of God for any reason?
- **Integrity** - Ahaz sought for Assyrian's help when facing the combined force of Arameans and Israelites. He even took on the Assyrian's altar and worship rituals. How have I compromised my faith for a worldly and temporary gain?
