---
cycle: 2022
layout: daily-en
title: "2022-2023 Week 83 Day 1: Holy City Besieged"
date: 2023-07-31
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk83-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 83
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Question     
How did the prophet foretell the end of Jerusalem?

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %}

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Because Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon was attacking, King Zedekiah asked Jeremiah to inquire of the Lord. 

+ Jeremiah answered: The Lord would fight against Jerusalem with an outstretched hand and a mighty arm in furious anger and in great wrath that whoever goes out and surrenders to the Babylonians will live. 

+ The prophet scolded the house of the King of Judah that they must hear the word of the Lord, administer justice, rescue from the hand of the oppressor the one who has been robbed. 

+ The prophet warned the Judah king and people that they must hear the word of the Lord, do what is just and right, rescue from the hand of the oppressor the one who has been robbed. 

+ Foretold that Shallum son of Josiah would die in the place where they have led him captive. 

+ Foretold that woe would come to Jehoiakim. 

+ Foretold that Jehoiachin would be delivered into the hands of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon and the Babylonians. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - The prophet tried to persuade the Judah king and its people to do what is just and right, and not to be greedy. We may often unknowingly trapped by greed as the world does and forget what is just and right. Let me examine myself to see if I have been following the world instead of His word. How has the Holy Spirit reminded me to turn back to His way? 
