---
cycle: 2022
layout: daily-en
title: "2022-2023 Week 83 Day 5: Yoke on Neck"
date: 2023-08-04
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk83-day5-daily.html
weekNum: 83
dayNum: 5
language: English
---

### Question     
What did Jeremiah prophesy about the king of Babylon's yoke?

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %}

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Early in the reign of Zedekiah, the Lord had Jeremiah make a yoke out of straps and crossbars and put it on his neck. 

+ Jeremiah prophesied any nation or kingdom would not serve Nebuchadnezzar would be punished with the sword, famine, and plague. 

+ Jeremiah advised Zedekiah: "bow your neck under the yoke of the king of Babylon; serve him and his people, and you will live." 

+ Jeremiah prophesied the articles from the Lord's house would be carried away to Babylon. 

+ Hananiah predicted the articles from the Lord's house and the exiles of Judah would soon be bought back. 

+ Jeremiah replied to the prophet Hananiah: "May the Lord fulfill the words you have prophesied." 

+ Hananiah took the yoke off the neck of the prophet Jeremiah and broke it then prophesied the Lord would break the yoke of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon off the neck of all the nations within two years. 

+ Jeremiah prophesied that Hananiah had broken the wooden yoke but in its place, he would get a yoke of iron and he would die that very year because he had preached rebellion against the Lord. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Fidelity** - It is an embarrassing for Jeremiah to go see Zedekiah and the officials of the nations wearing a yoke on his neck. Have I ever been embarrassed serving the Lord? How may I overcome this feeling? 
