---
cycle: 2022
layout: daily2022
categories: daily
language: English
title: "2022-2023 Week 93 Day 4: In Lions' Den"
date: 2023-10-12
weekNum: 93
dayNum: 4
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk93-day4-daily.html
---

### Question   
What happened to Daniel during Darius' reign?


{% include BibleLinks2022.html %}

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ It pleased Darius to appoint 120 satraps to rule throughout the kingdom, with three administrators over them, one of whom was Daniel. 

+ The administrators and the satraps tried to find grounds for charges against Daniel in his conduct of government affairs, but they were unable to do so. 

+ These administrators and satraps went as a group to the king and ask the king to issue an edict and enforce the decree that anyone who prays to any god or human being during the next thirty days, shall be thrown into the lions' den. 

+ Daniel went home. Three times a day he got down on his knees and prayed, giving thanks to his God, just as he had done before. The men went to King Darius and reminded him of the decree. 

+ The king gave the order to throw Daniel into the lions' den. 

+ The king returned to his palace and spent the night without eating and without any entertainment being brought to him. And he could not sleep. 

+ At the first light of dawn, the king got up and hurried to the lions' den. He called to Daniel in an anguished voice. The lions did not hurt Daniel. 

+ At the king's command, the men who had falsely accused Daniel were brought in and thrown into the lions' den. 

+ King Darius issued a decree that everyone must fear and reverence the God of Daniel. 

+ Daniel prospered during the reign of Darius and the reign of Cyrus the Persian. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Even though the king banned it, Daniel was unaffected and continued to pray to God. What example has Daniel shown me? 
