---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 35 Day 4: Bitter to Sweet"
date: 2022-09-01
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk35-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 35
dayNum: 4
language: English
cycle: 2022
---
### Question     
What was Ruth's role in God's plan?
{% include BibleLinks2022.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ According to Israelite's law and in the presence of the elders, Boaz and another relative decided on Ruth's marriage. Boaz married Ruth by faith just as Ruth followed Naomi by faith. 

+ Naomi gained an heir who eventually became the ancestor of King David of Israel. Her bitterness turned into sweetness. 

+ God's promises to His people never change. Even a Moabite woman had become an important part of His salvation plan. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Fidelity** - The relative who was closer to Naomi than Boaz was not willing to marry Ruth because "I might endanger my own estate." This was because Ruth's future son would not be under his name and yet inherit the land he would redeem. So, he would rather not take on the responsibility of redeeming and gave it to Boaz in order to protect his own interest. Although Ruth's child became Naomi's son and named under Elimelek, Boaz's name was the one recorded in Jesus' genealogy: "Boaz the father of Obed, whose mother was Ruth" (Ruth 4:21, Matthew 1:5). Contrasting to the relative who held on to his own estate, Boaz was willing to give up his but was rewarded the greatest blessing. How does Boaz's selfless and faithful service remind me? 
