---
language: English
cycle: 2022
layout: daily-en
categories: daily
title: "2022-2023 Week 89 Day 3: History of Rebellions"
date: 2023-09-13
weekNum: 89
dayNum: 3
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk89-day3-sharing.html
---

### Question     
What is Israel's history of rebellions?

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %}

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The elders of Israel came to inquire of the Lord, however the Lord would not let them inquire but judge them to confront them with their detestable practices. 

+ Israel rebelled against the Lord in Egypt. They did not forsake the idols of Egypt. 

+ Israel rebelled against the Lord in the wilderness. They did not follow the Lord's decrees and rejected His laws. 

+ Their children rebelled against the Lord in the wilderness. They did not follow the Lord's decrees and were not careful to keep His laws. 

+ Israel offered their sacrifices and made offerings to arouse the Lord's anger on the high hill of the Promised Land. 

+ Therefore, the Lord would reign over Israel with a mighty hand and an outstretched arm and with outpoured wrath. 

+ The Lord would bring Israel out from the nations and gather them from the countries where they have been scattered, and He will be proved holy through them in the sight of the nations. 

+ With the parable of setting the forest ablaze, the Lord described how Israel would be attacked. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Why does the word Sabbath appear so many times in this passage? How does Sabbath let Israelites know that the Lord makes them holy and is their God? How is my Sabbath? How may I Sabbath in front of God?  
