---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 71 Day 4: Sins Committed Repeatedly"
date: 2023-05-11
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk71-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 71
dayNum: 4
language: English
cycle: 2022
---

### Question     
What nations does the Lord sand His judgment from Zion?
{%- include BibleLinks2022.html -%}

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The vision Amos saw concerning Israel came when Jeroboam was king of Israel. 
+ The Lord roars from Zion; the pastures of the shepherds dry up, and the top of Carmel withers. 
+ For three sins of Damascus, even for four, I will not relent. 
+ For three sins of Gaza, even for four, I will not relent. I will turn my hand against Ekron, till the last of the Philistines are dead. 
+ For three sins of Tyre, even for four, I will not relent. 
+ For three sins of Edom, even for four, I will not relent. 
+ For three sins of Ammon, even for four, I will not relent. 
+ For three sins of Moab, even for four, I will not relent. 
+ For three sins of Judah, even for four, I will not relent. 
+ For three sins of Israel, even for four, I will not relent. 
+ Judgment on Israel for they rebelled against the Lord and turned their back to His mercy. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - On the day of judgment, the swift will not escape, the strong will not muster their strength, and the warrior will not save his life. The archer will not stand his ground, the fleet-footed soldier will not get away, and the horseman will not save his life. Even the bravest warriors will flee naked on that day. Do I depend on my own ability or the grace of righteousness God has given me? 
