---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 12 Day 3: Raised from Dead"
date: 2022-03-23
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk12-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 12
dayNum: 3
language: English
cycle: 2022
---
{% include BibleLinks2022.html %} 

### Question     
Who witnessed Jesus' resurrection? 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Early in the morning, Mary went to the tomb and saw that the stone had been removed and thought someone had taken the Lord out of the tomb. 

+ Mary saw Jesus at the tomb. 

+ In the evening, Jesus stood among the disciples and showed them His hands and side. 

+ Thomas did not see Jesus and asked to see the nail marks. Jesus came and let Thomas to touch Him. Thomas said to Him, "My Lord and my God!" 

+ Jesus appeared again to His disciples by the Sea of Galilee. 

+ Jesus told them to throw their net on the right side of the boat and will find some fishes. 

+ When Peter heard Jesus, he wrapped his outer garment around him and jumped into the water. 

+ Jesus ate fish and bread with the disciples by the fire.  

+ This was now the third time Jesus appeared to His disciples after He was raised from the dead. 

+ Jesus asked Peter three times, "Do you love me?" and said to him, "Take care of my sheep." 

+ Jesus did many other things as well. Even the whole world would not have room for the books that would be written. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - After seeing His wounds, Thomas declared Jesus is the Lord and God. Where does my faith come from? Where does my knowledge of God come from? 

+ **Identity** - Jesus let Peter go fish in the water where He first called him. Jesus strengthened Peter's faith again in the same way after He had risen from death. Why did Jesus do this? How may my faith be strengthened by going back to the original love of Christ? 
