---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 96 Day 4: Flame of Gift"
date: 2027-10-28
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2026/wk96-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 96
dayNum: 4
language: English
cycle: 2026
---

### Question     
How to be strong and disciplined when feeling weak and discouraged in serving the Lord?

{% include BibleLinks2026.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Fan the gift of God into flame, for the Spirit God gave us does not make us timid, but gives us power, love and self-discipline. 

+ We must know He who we believe is capable of guarding what we have entrusted to him until that day. We must guard with the help of Holy Spirit who lives in us, with faith and love in Christ Jesus, the good deposit, the truth, that was entrusted to us. 

+ Be a good soldier of Christ and be strong in His grace, because God's word is not chained and His faith never changes. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - God is faithful. He does not forget us with the commission He gives and will guard it to the end; God is omnipotent, has already won, and His word is not chained; God gives power so we are not afraid. So, to be disciplined in His word is the only way to go into battle. Are you discouraged in any way with your service? Are you timid in the age of hostility? Do you worry about how to lead your children and family whom the Lord entrusted to you? Think about your relationship with the Lord and His promises. How would you fan up the flame of the gift the Lord gave you and be strengthened again? 

+ **Integrity** - Study 2:1-13 and note the characteristics of Christ's soldier. What does the Holy Spirit remind me in each characteristic? How do I follow the example of Christ's soldier in facing my daily business? 
