---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 10 Day 6: Regulations on Cleanliness"
date: 2024-03-09
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2024/wk10-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 10
dayNum: 6
language: English
cycle: 2024
---
### Question     
What cleanliness is acceptable to God?
{% include BibleLinks2024.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The requirements for cleanliness regarding food and childbirth. 

+ Key verses, 11:44-45: "I am the Lord your God; consecrate yourselves and be holy, because I am holy. Do not make yourselves unclean by any creature that moves along the ground. I am the Lord, who brought you up out of Egypt to be your God; therefore be holy, because I am holy." 

+ These regulations helped Israelites their sanitation and health after the formation of their nation. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - These regulations are not applicable today and we don't need to follow to the letters. However, it is important to note that the fine details of these regulations were God's way to help the Israelites differentiate what was pleasing to God and what was not. In today's world, how do I differentiate the right and wrong with the help of God's word? 

+ **Integrity** - God said to the Israelites, "Be holy, because I am holy", "I am the Lord, who brought you up out of Egypt." God still wants us to be holy today because He who brought us out into light from darkness is holy. He does not want us to isolate ourselves to stay away from the unclean. So, how do I ask God for the wisdom to keep me clean and be holy? 
