---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 28 Day 2: Remember True God"
date: 2022-07-12
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk28-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 28
dayNum: 2
language: English
cycle: 2022
---
### Question     
Moses reminded the people whom they can truly rely on.
{% include BibleLinks2022.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Moses reminded the Israelites that God had provided them everything they needed during the forty years of wandering. They were given manna, their clothes did not wear out, and their feet did not swell. Reliance on God was the source of their blessings, not material wealth.  

+ The Anakites and their city were tall and strong. But Israelites was able to defeat them by obeying God. 

+ Israelites defeated Anakites not because their righteousness or integrity, but it was the Anakites' wickedness. Israelites have rebelled against God many times. Moses reminded them that it was God's mercy that they were spared in the forty rebellious years of wandering. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - Jesus quoted a familiar verse when Satan tempted Him: "man does not live on bread alone but on every word that comes from the mouth of the Lord." Am I facing challenges that may seem better solved with man's solutions, but I'd rather put it in front of God and ask Him for guidance? 

+ **Identity** - Moses reminded the Israelites that it wasn't their righteousness that defeated the Anakites. Do I often display my self-righteousness or let others see God's blessings? 
