---
cycle: 2022
layout: daily-en
title: "2022-2023 Week 84 Day 6: Wall Broken Through"
date: 2023-08-12
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk84-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 84
dayNum: 6
language: English
---

### Question     
How was Jeremiah's life after the wall of Jerusalem was broken through?

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %}

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ In the ninth year of Zedekiah, Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon marched against Jerusalem with his whole army and laid siege to it. And in Zedekiah's eleventh year, the city wall was broken through. 

+ The king of Babylon slaughtered the sons of Zedekiah before his eyes. Then he put out Zedekiah's eyes and bound him with bronze shackles to take him to Babylon. 

+ The Babylonians set fire to the royal palace and the houses of the people and broke down the walls of Jerusalem. They carried into exile to Babylon the people who remained in the city. 

+ Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon had given these orders about Jeremiah through Nebuzaradan commander of the imperial guard: "Take him and look after him; don't harm him but do for him whatever he asks." 

+ The Lord declared He would rescue Ebed-Melek the Cushite. 

+ Commander of the imperial guard had released Jeremiah at Ramah and let him go back to Gedaliah whom the king of Babylon has appointed over the towns of Judah. 

+ Jeremiah went to Gedaliah and stayed with him among the people who were left behind in the land. 

+ Gedaliah took an oath to reassure them and their men. "Do not be afraid to serve the Babylonians, settle down in the land and serve the king of Babylon, and it will go well with you." 

+ Johanan came to Gedaliah to warn him that Ammonites has sent Ishmael to take his life. But Gedaliah did not believe him. 

+ Ishmael struck down Gedaliah with a sword. 

+ Johanan went to fight Ishmael to rescue all whom were taken captive by Ishmael. 

+ Ishmael escaped from Johanan and fled to the Ammonites. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - After the wall of Jerusalem was broken through, the Babylonian killed all the nobles of Judah but left behind the poor and gave them vineyard and fields. How am I holding on tight what is important? Where am I storing my identity and value? 
