---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 55 Day 4: Saul the Anointed"
date: 2023-01-19
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk55-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 55
dayNum: 4
language: English
cycle: 2022
---

### Question     
What "steps" did Saul go through being anointed?

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Samuel followed God's will to anoint Saul and gave him three signs. 

+ Samuel casted lots to elect Saul, but some despised him. 

+ Saul defeated the Ammonites, delivered Jabesh-gilead, to prove himself and finally being accepted by people as king. 

+ Samuel addressed the people one last time to obey God's will even as they have done all that evil, must turn to the Lord and serve the Lord with all their heart, and the Lord will not forsake them. As for Samuel, he himself will continue to pray for them and instruct them in the good and the right way.  

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - God elected and anointed Saul before the people. It was God's will for Saul even though the people acted wickedly. What can I learn from Saul's anointment about those who have authorities (even if they are wicked) in the world? 

+ **Walking with God** - Saul was transformed because of the spirit of the Lord. Think about the three signs and Saul's transformation. What have I learned about God's work? 

+ **Integrity** - What characters did Samuel display from his farewell address. Let me list out these characters. What can I see from the way he served the Lord and God's people? What did he see about himself? 
