---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 59 Day 1: Sin of Past"
date: 2023-02-13
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk59-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 59
dayNum: 1
language: English
cycle: 2022
---
### Question     
How did David inquire of God to release Israel from Saul's past sin?
{% include BibleLinks2022.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ There was a three-year famine during David's reign. David inquired of God and was told that Saul put the Gibeonites to death by breaking the oath Israelites had made to them. 

+ By Gibeonites' demand, David gave them seven descendants of Saul to be killed. David spared Jonathan's son Mephibosheth for his oath to Jonathan. 

+ David heard that Saul's concubine Rizpah was protecting the remains of the seven so he buried them along with Saul and Jonathan. 

+ Four of the worriers among the men who followed David killed four sons of Philistine giants. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - The root cause of the famine was Saul's breaking of the oath Israelites made to Gibeonites in God's name. The famine ended with David breaking the oath he made to Saul and Jonathan in God's name. Reflecting on God's faithfulness and righteousness, how should I fear the name of God? 

+ **Integrity** - When Abner was in power after Saul's death, Saul's concubine Rizpah could only let herself to be trampled upon. But, what courage and love did she display after Saul's seven descendants were killed by the Gibeonites in revenge? Her deed touched David and reminded him of his promises to Saul and Jonathan. What danger did Rizpah face? How would Rizpah's courage and love remind me when I face a circumstance where I am innocent and powerless? 
