---
cycle: 2022
layout: daily-en
title: "2022-2023 Week 86 Day 2: Siege then Capture"
date: 2023-08-22
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk86-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 86
dayNum: 2
language: English
---

### Question     
How was Jerusalem captured? 

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %}

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Zedekiah became king and he reigned in Jerusalem eleven years. He did evil in the eyes of the Lord. 

+ King of Babylon marched against Jerusalem with his whole army. They encamped outside the city and built siege works all around it until the eleventh year of King Zedekiah. The whole army fled the city at night through the gate between the two walls near the king's garden. 

+ The king of Babylon killed the sons of Zedekiah before his eyes; he also killed all the officials of Judah. Then he put out Zedekiah's eyes, bound him with bronze shackles and took him to Babylon. 

+ Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came to Jerusalem. He set fire to the temple of the Lord, the royal palace and all the important buildings. 

+ The Babylonians broke up the bronze pillars, the movable stands and the bronze Sea that were at the temple of the Lord. The commander of the imperial guard took away all that were made of pure gold or silver. 

+ The commander of the guard took as prisoners Seraiah the chief priest, Zephaniah the priest next in rank and the three doorkeepers. The king of Babylon had them executed. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Had Zedekiah reasons or just himself to blame for his miserable end? Are other people, fate, or God responsible for how my life is? 
