---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 54 Day 2: Protection from God"
date: 2021-1-12 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk54-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 54
dayNum: 2
language: English
cycle: 2020
---

### Question     
How did God rescue David from a difficult situation?

{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The Philistines gathered to attack Israel. Saul could not get any answer from God, so he went to consult a medium which God despised. The answer he got caused great horror and made him to lose all hope. 

+ Being in the land of the Philistines, David was caught in a difficult position for he had to choose either to follow the Philistines to attack Israel or refuse and be killed by the Philistines. But God used the doubts from within the Philistines to remove David from the Philistines and relieved him of this impossible position. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - Saul broke off his connection with God, walked ever farther away from Him and unable to find peace from anything he had his hands on. However, God never forsake his elected. David strayed away from God, but God protected him and miraculously brought him out of the dire situation. Was God unfair to Saul? Let me go back a few chapters to see if God gave Saul the opportunities to turn back to Him. 

+ **Integrity** - The reason David got stuck in such dire situation was his straying away from God, seeking of protection from the Philistines, and then the lies. What can I learn from this? If I ever stray away from God, let me not cover up prior sins with even more sins. 
