---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 54 Day 6: Third Time Anointed"
date: 2021-1-16 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk54-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 54
dayNum: 6
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
How was David's relationship with God after he was anointed as king of Israel?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ David got anointed as Israel king, captured Jerusalem, and built a palace. David knew God had established him as the king of Israel. 

+ Led by God, David defeated the Philistines. 

+ David attempted to bring the ark back to Jerusalem but did not follow the law when transporting it. They committed infraction against God's holiness and caused God's anger to burn against Uzzah. David was angry and afraid until God's anger had gone away. David brought the ark back the second time to Jerusalem. He obeyed the law, humbled himself, danced with all his might, and shouted in the sound of trumpets in great rejoice. 

+ David wanted to build a house for the Lord. Instead, God promised David that He would establish for David and descendants a house and kingdom forever. This is the hope of the Messiah. David prayed to answer God's blessings, His promise is for all His people, and all people would come back to Him and praise Him. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - What was the mistake David made in his first attempt to bring the ark back? Why was Uzzah killed? What caused David to be angry and then afraid? Seen from David's attitude, how had his relationship with God changed in the second attempt? Have I experienced the serious side of God's righteousness in my spiritual life? How did this experience help me in my relationship with God? 

+ **Integrity** - What characters of David can I see in his prayer replying to God's promise? He not only thanked God for establishing his household, he also saw God's promise for all Israelites and all people to go to God and praise God. What can I learn from David with him looking beyond his own spiritual circumstance? In what areas may I see farther? 
