---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 54 Day 3: Return to God"
date: 2021-1-13 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk54-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 54
dayNum: 3
language: English
cycle: 2020
---

### Question     
How did David turn back to God?

{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The Amalekites revenged on David by raiding Ziklag of all women, all things, all the young and the old. Not only saddened, David also faced danger of being stoned by his own men. It is in this hopeless situation, David turned back to God, to lean on Him for strength. 

+ God blessed David's rescue plan. Not only was he able to save his family, recovered all things he had lost, but he took plunders from the battle. 

+ David treated the Amalekite slave with mercy and received his help. David was also merciful to those who were exhausted and had to stay behind. He shared God's blessings with them and all the places he roamed. 

+ Saul met his end in the last battle. He ended his own life for he could not face the unknown future. He wanted to avoid humiliation but his remain was humiliated completely. The people of Jabesh Gilead whom Saul had saved before, took his remain back, buried it despite of danger, and fasted seven days for him. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - The Bible had no record of David inquiring of God after he went to the Philistines. Obviously, those were the days he was away from God. But David did turn back to God when he was facing danger and depended upon God for strength. God answered David's prayer and led him to the rescue. What inhibits me from turning to God when facing danger? How does David encourage me? 

+ **Integrity** - David was willing to stop and help the dying slave while in pursue of the Amalekites. This slave became an important help to David. When in victory, David shared equally the plunders to include those two hundred who stayed behind because "what the Lord has given us, all will share alike" and made it into a statue and ordinance of Israel. He then shared the plunder to all the places he had roamed. Why was David so generous? Was he a clever king who knew how to buy into people's hearts or was that a transformation resulted from his spiritual journey? 
