---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 54 Day 4: Anointed Once Again"
date: 2021-1-14 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk54-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 54
dayNum: 4
language: English
cycle: 2020
---

### Question     
How is it different for Ish-Bosheth being king and David being king?

{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ A young Amalekite came to David to report the death of Saul and claimed that he had killed him. David executed the young man for he killed the Lord's anointed. He then mourned for Saul and Jonathan and written for them the lament of the bow. 

+ The people of Judah anointed David in Hebron. David reigned in Hebron as king of Judah for seven years and six months. At the same time, the commander of Saul's army, Abner, made the son of Saul the king of Israel in Mahanaim. The war between the house of David and the house of Saul started. 

+ Abner challenged Judah and started fighting with Joab. They began with a small fight with a few involved then escalated into an all-out fierce war with heavy lost on both sides. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - What are the differences in the following three instances of kingship? Abner making Ish-Bosheth king, Judah anointing David as king, and the Israelites casting lot to select Saul as king. Thinking about the differences between a life following God's will and a life following the world's will, what kind of life do I want to live? 

+ **Community** - We see the friendship between David and Jonathan in the lament of the bow. How is it different from the worldly friendships? Abner and Joab started with restrained fight then escalated to become a fierce civil war between brothers. This led to the killing of Asahel and Joab's hatred. They were all descendant of Jacob and children of God. What turned them into enemies? What disputes between them do I see are happening in today's Christians that started as insignificant contest then turned into vicious fight? Have I experienced anything like this and need to atone before the Lord? 
