---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 65 Day 2: Reign of Rehoboam"
date: 2021-3-30 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk65-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 65
dayNum: 2
language: English
cycle: 2020
---

### Question     
How was he reign of king Rehoboam?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Rehoboam rejected the advice the elders gave him but consulted the young men and brought hardship to Israelites. 

+ When all Israel saw that the king refused to listen to them, they all went home. 

+ God prohibited Rehoboam to fight against Jeroboam. 

+ The priests and Levites from all their districts throughout Israel sided with Rehoboam. 

+ Rehoboam had wives and children. 

+ After Rehoboam's position as king was established and he had become strong, he and all Israel with him abandoned the law of the Lord. 

+ Because they had been unfaithful to the Lord, Shishak king of Egypt attacked Jerusalem in the fifth year of King Rehoboam. 

+ Shishak carried off the treasures of the temple of the Lord and the treasures of the royal palace. He took everything, including the gold shields Solomon had made. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Rehoboam abandoned God when he had become strong. What was he leaning on? How may I avoid being complacent in my abundantly fulfilled life? 

+ **Community** - Facing the Israelites' request, Rehoboam rejected the advice the elders gave him but consulted the young men. What warning do I see in this? 

+ **Community** - God prohibited Rehoboam to fight against fellow Israelites. Do I have quarrel with my fellow Christians? What is God's point of view on this? Can I obey God's will? 
