---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 25 Day 3: Saul the Rejected"
date: 2024-06-19
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2024/wk25-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 25
dayNum: 3
language: English
cycle: 2024
---

### Question     
What is pleasing to God?
{% include BibleLinks2024.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Through Samuel, God commanded Saul to strike and destroy all the Amalekites. But Saul did not follow through and spared the Amalekite king as well as all the best sheep, oxen, fattened calves and lambs, and all things that were good. 

+ God regret (was sorry - NLV) that He had made Saul king because Saul turned away from Him. 

+ Saul maintained that he followed God's will when faced Samuel; When reproached by Samuel, Saul claimed it was the people's idea to spare the best things for offering; Saul finally admitted of his sin that it was caused by his fear of people; Saul asked Samuel to stay to honor him in front of the people when he learned that God's will would not change. 

+ Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to listen than the fat of rams. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - No matter what excuses Saul had, Samuel told him that God's command was not followed on striking the Amalekites. What does God want from us in following His commands? God wants us to love Him with all our heart, with all our soul, and with all our mind. We cannot serve both God and money or idols just like He wanted Saul to "destroy" them all. Am I making the same mistake as Saul did? 

+ **Identity** - He wasn't lying when Saul said: "I have transgressed the commandment of the Lord and your words, because I feared the people and obeyed their voice." Do I also fear people of the world, both willingly and unwillingly, more than fear God and disobey God? What do I fear in things around me? God is greater than anyone and anything that we might fear. 
