---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 101 Day 5: Love and Truth"
date: 2023-12-08
cycle: 2022
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk101-day5-daily.html
weekNum: 101
dayNum: 5
language: English
---

### Question     
What is the relationship between love and truth?

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Love and truth must go together as love is for truth. 

+ To love God is to walk in obedience of His commands and to love one another. 

+ To walk in the truth is the prerequisite of loving one another. Do not welcome those who do not follow Jesus' teaching. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - The common interpretation of love of this world is not God's love. God's love does not go against His truth. Let me contemplate on what God's truth is, what His love is. Have I seen, heard, or experienced a kind of love being raised up high, even among Christians, but muddles the truth? When I face this kind of improper love, how may I speak the truth in love? 

+ **Identity** - Jesus gave us the command to love between the limbs, to one another. This is to love by following His example instead of human's examples. So, the real love shall not cause conflicts. At the time of John, all ministers were travelling ministers, and they stayed in loving believers' households and being supplied by them. This signified the accepting household's acknowledgment of their ministry. Today, how shall I welcome them and acknowledge their ministry? What does John remind me of when he said do not welcome those deceivers? 
