---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 60 Day 3: Dedication of Temple"
date: 2023-02-22
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk60-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 60
dayNum: 3
language: English
cycle: 2022
---

### Question     
How did Solomon dedicate the completed temple to God?
{% include BibleLinks2022.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Solomon summoned the elders of Israel, all the heads of the tribes and the chiefs of the Israelite families, to bring up the ark of the Lord's covenant from the City of David. The glory of the Lord filled His temple. 

+ King explained to whole assembly of Israel the purpose for constructing the temple, prayed to the Lord and then blessed them. 

+ King sacrificed offers to the Lord with the whole assembly of Israel. 

+ King Solomon gave twenty towns in Galilee to Hiram king of Tyre. King Solomon conscripted foreigner as forced labor. 

+ Three times a year Solomon sacrificed burnt offerings and fellowship offerings on the altar he had built for the Lord, burning incense before the Lord along with them. 

+ King Solomon also built ships at Ezion Geber, which is near Elath in Edom, on the shore of the Red Sea. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - Solomon brought the ark into the temple and God's glory filled the temple. Where is God's glory now that He dwells in us today? (John 1:14, 2 Corinthians 3:18) 

+ **Identity** - Solomon's prayer to the Lord included thanksgiving, petition, repentance, and blessings. How may I incorporate all these into my prayer? 
