---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 101 Day 6: Truth and Love"
date: 2025-12-06
cycle: 2024
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2024/wk101-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 101
dayNum: 6
language: English
---

### Forward     
This week we will complete the current segment of New Testament reading and go into the Old Testament.

May you all be renewed in God's word each day!

### Question     
What is the proper attitude in receiving our brothers and sisters in Christ?

{% include BibleLinks2024.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Children of God shall be faithful to the truth and walk in it. 

+ We ought to show hospitality and receive with love those brothers and sisters who go out in the name of the Lord so that we may work together for the truth. 

+ Do not imitate those who love to be first and the evil of their refusal to receive the Lord's workers. Rather, imitate those who do good in truth and love. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - There's a negative example in this passage, Diotrephes. What kind of person was he? Why did he refuse to receive the Lord's workers? Please list out the descriptions in the passage. What was the reason of his evilness? Through the descriptions of Diotrephes, Gaius, and Demetrius, what shall our attitude be in simple matters such as receiving our brothers and sisters? Whom am I accountable to when I show hospitality to brothers and sisters? How may I serve in faith? 

+ **Fidelity** - When we receive and show hospitality to those who go out for the Lord, we are working with them together for the Lord. In the book of Second John, a simple greeting to those false teachers would become a support of their wickedness. What does the contrast between the two remind me of?
