---
cycle: 2022
layout: daily-en
title: "2022-2023 Week 78 Day 1: The Lord's Servant"
date: 2023-06-26
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk78-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 78
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Question     
What are the attributes of the Lord's servant?

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Before I was born the Lord called me. I have labored in vain. Yet what is due me is in the Lord's hand, and my reward is with my God. 

+ The Lord who formed me in the womb to be his servant to bring Jacob back to him and my God has been my strength. 

+ The Lord wants His servant to restore the tribes of Jacob and will also make him a light for the Gentiles, that His salvation may reach to the ends of the earth. 

+ He will keep him and will make him to be a covenant for the people, to restore the land. 

+ Can a mother forget the baby at her breast? The Lord have engraved His people on the palms of His hands. 

+ The Lord's servant would be persecuted, but the Lord would help him so that he would not be disgraced and put to shame. 

+ Trust in the name of the Lord and rely on our God. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - God never forgets us and never forsakes us: "Can a mother forget the baby at her breast and have no compassion on the child she has borne? Though she may forget, I will not forget you! See, I have engraved you on the palms of my hands; your walls are ever before me." Let me remember His promise and be strengthened through His word. 

+ **Fidelity** - When the servant of the Lord is being looked down upon, he knows the Lord will help him, so he is not disgraced nor ashamed. Have I ever been looked down upon in my service to the Lord? Let me receive strength and glory from Him. 
