---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 30 Day 3: Moses' Parting Song"
date: 2022-07-27
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk30-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 30
dayNum: 3
language: English
cycle: 2022
---
### Question     
What did Moses write in the song? What were the blessings to the twelve tribes?
{% include BibleLinks2022.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Chapter 32: Moses wrote the song by God's command to recall God's blessings, people's rebellion, the punishments that followed, and God's promises and redemption. The song proclaimed that God is the rock and He is the only God. Moses asked the people to take all the words to heart so they can command their children to obey. The words are not idle; The words are their life. God once again told Moses that he will not enter the land of Canaan for he did not uphold God's holiness at the waters of Meribah. 

+ Chapter 33: Moses' blessing to the twelve tribes. It began with God's glory and ended with praises to the graces the people have received. It is such a blessing being chosen by God and His mercy can be seen easily through Moses' blessing even though Israel would eventually fail. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - The rebellious people of Israel worshiped those useless false gods. We, too, often spend much energy pursuing those temporary pleasures and corruptible materials. Like the children who see only the sand on a beautiful beach, we forget the eternal treasure in heaven. Pray to God to help me see beyond my nose, help me see what He has planned for me in heaven. 
