---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 47 Day 6: To Work Quietly"
date: 2020-11-28 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk47-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 47
dayNum: 6
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
What example did Paul set?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ We must understand our own identity and know whom to rely on, so we may stand firm and be strengthened in every good deed and word. 

+ Keep away from all who is idle and disruptive and does not live according to the teaching. Warn them as you would do for a fellow believer so they may feel ashamed and turn around. 

+ Make example of Paul, working quietly, earning his own living, not being a burden of others, not being disruptive, not being idle, not being an unproductive busy body. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - The churches of Paul's time usually share everything and meal together. Some would take advantage of this and not being productive but disruptive. Therefore, Paul warned these people to work quietly and earn their own food. Such people are those, in God's household, relying on others to complete their assigned tasks and yet meddling everywhere. Have I criticized others? Let me reflect on my own actions and duties, have I done my best to complete all my tasks?  

+ **Community** - Paul said to keep away from those who idles and disrupts and does not live according to the teaching so that they would realize their shame and repent. But, to treat them as fellow believers not enemies. The purpose of teaching is to love and admonish is to help them repent. When I see improper behavior from fellow Christians, what would be my intention to evade or admonish?
