---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 47 Day 2: To Stay Alert"
date: 2020-11-24 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk47-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 47
dayNum: 2
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
How will it be like when Jesus comes again?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ When Jesus comes again, the dead will be brought to life, then with those are still living on earth, will be gathered together in the clouds and meet with the Lord in the sky to be with Him forever. 

+ The day Jesus comes again will be like a robber coming at night, no one knows when. 

+ Believers shall watch and keep minds awake, take cover with faith, love, and hope, to wait for the Lord's coming. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - Waiting for the Lord's coming, we must watch and keep our minds awake, be children of light, take cover in faith, love, hope, and comfort and strengthen each other. This means we shall remind ourselves of this promise when we are weak. This is no rhetoric! Think about my own weaknesses and difficulties I'm facing and ask the Lord to help me realize such hope with my life through the work of the Holy Spirit. 

+ **Identity** - We are unlike the world for we know Jesus will come again. Whether dead or still alive, all those who belong to Jesus will leave this world and meet with the Lord to be with Him forever. This is not so distant a promise, it is the reflection of the realization of our identity and value. Let me imagine what it will be like the day the Lord comes again. What comfort and relief form the world's sufferings and temptations does it bring? 
