---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 47 Day 3: To Set Apart"
date: 2020-11-25 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk47-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 47
dayNum: 3
language: English
cycle: 2020
---

### Question     
What did Paul tell the Thessalonian believers to have a close relationship with God and with others?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Christians shall respect God's servants who work among them. 

+ Christians are to live in peace with each other, speak to those who do not want to work, comfort those who feel they cannot keep going, and help the weak. Always look for ways to do good to each other and to all people. 

+ Christians are to follow God's will, stay connected with the Holy Spirit and the way of the good. 

+ The God of faith will set Christians apart for Himself. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - Paul asked the believers to connect with God: be full of joy all the time, never stop praying, give thanks in everything. What does this remind me of in my daily life? How do I give thanks for things I don't believe are good? What does it mean not to try stopping the work of the Holy Spirit? Are there callings from the Holy Spirit that I excused myself from? What does it mean not to laugh at those who speak for God? What attitude do I hold when listening to sermons? 

+ **Community** - Paul encouraged the believers the first thing about the relationship with the limbs is to respect those who works. What are the differences between respect and think much with love? Is there anything I need to change in the way I treat the servants of God? Paul mentioned the second thing being to do good with each other. What does it mean to treat each other by doing good with each other? (Jesus said only God is good, Luke 18) 
