---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 47 Day 1: The Righteous Conduct"
date: 2020-11-23 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk47-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 47
dayNum: 1
language: English
cycle: 2020
---

### Question     
What is a life pleasing to God like?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Paul encouraged the Thessalonian believers to continue to do what they were doing, with faith, love, and hope, to strive and endeavor to do even more. 

+ Paul with Jesus' command asked the Thessalonian believers not to live in sin but holy lives. 

+ Paul encouraged the believers to love each other, to live quietly, and to testify.  

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - The Thessalonian believers were quite mature in their lives of faith, love, and hope but Paul encouraged them to do even more. It is never enough practicing life's integrity as we strive to do more. Think, without reservation, about the areas have I grown and be grateful for it! At the same time, don't be complacent in believing that I have it all. How shall I continue to do more? 

+ **Integrity** - Live a holy life, stay away from sexual immorality. A command from Jesus. Not obeying this command will both pollute our body which is God's temple and offend others around us. The morality of the time in Roman Empire was corrupted as in today. We face the same challenges and temptations as the Thessalonians faced. Whether married or not, man or woman, what temptations do I face? How do I use my body in the right way by keeping it holy and by respecting it? How do I teach my children to keep their bodies holy and not to follow the world? 
