---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 102 Day 1: Contend for Faith"
date: 2025-12-08
cycle: 2024
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2024/wk102-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 102
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Question     
What is the reason to contend for the faith?

{% include BibleLinks2024.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ We ought to contend for the faith because of the appearance of heresies and false teachers in church:   
+ The three judgments depict the end of the false teachers;  
+ The three paths are the ways of the false teachers;  
+ The six metaphors reveal the core of the false teachers;  
+ Enoch foretold the end of the false teachers;  
+ We ought to remember the word of the Lord, to build ourselves in holy faith, to pray in the Holy Spirit, and to keep ourselves in God's love. Be merciful to those who doubt; save others by snatching them from the fire; to others show mercy, mixed with fear-hating even the clothing stained by corrupted flesh.

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - There will be false teachers and heresies near the end. Jude raised examples and used metaphors to describe the false teachers and their end. What is the end of the false teachers? What are their ways? What is their core? Have I seen false teachers? Was I able to tell them apart? What more about them have I learned from this passage? 

+ **Walking with God** - How shall I equip myself to fend off the false teachers' temptation and contend for the faith? Jude gave different reminders for those who have fallen. To whom shall I be merciful and save? And be merciful with fear? Why? 

