---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 48 Day 1: Reject Two Kings"
date: 2026-11-23
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2026/wk48-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 48
dayNum: 1
language: English
cycle: 2026
---
### Question     
What did Isaiah prophesy of the fate of the two kings who were to attack Jerusalem?
{% include BibleLinks2026.html %}

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ When Ahaz was king of Judah, King Rezin of Aram and king Pekah of Israel marched up to fight against Jerusalem. 

+ The Lord said to Isaiah and his son Shear-Jashub to tell Ahaz: "Be careful, keep calm and don't be afraid." 

+ The Lord spoke to Ahaz: "The virgin will conceive and give birth to a son, and will call him Immanuel." A sign the two kings of Aram and Israel would be rejected. 

+ The Lord foretold: "The wealth of Damascus and the plunder of Samaria will be carried off by the king of Assyria." 

+ The Lord told Isaiah: "The Lord Almighty is the one you are to regard as holy, He is the one you are to fear, He is the one you are to dread. For both Israel and Judah He will be a stone that causes people to stumble." 

+ People should inquire of their God, not consult with mediums and spiritists. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Facing his enemies, Ahaz was told by the Lord to keep calm and don't be afraid. Can I do the same when facing my enemies because of the Lord's promises? 

+ **Identity** - Facing difficulties, people often consult with mediums and spiritists. When I face difficulties, would I panic and ask everywhere for help? What would be the cause of my lack of faith? 
