---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 66 Day 4: Judah king Ahaz"
date: 2021-4-8
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk66-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 66
dayNum: 4
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
What similarities and differences are there between king Jotham and Ahaz?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Jotham reigned in Jerusalem sixteen years. He did what was right in the eyes of the Lord, but he did not enter the temple of the Lord. The people, however, continued their corrupt practices. 

+ Ahaz was twenty years old when he became king, and he reigned in Jerusalem sixteen years. Unlike David his father, he did not do what was right in the eyes of the Lord. 

+ The Lord his God delivered Ahaz into the hands of the king of Aram. The Arameans defeated him. He was also given into the hands of the king of Israel, who inflicted heavy casualties on him. 

+ King Ahaz sent to the kings of Assyria for help. Tiglath-Pileser king of Assyria came to him, but he gave him trouble instead of help. 

+ In his time of trouble King Ahaz became even more unfaithful to the Lord. He offered sacrifices to the gods of Damascus, who had defeated him. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Jotham's strength grew because he did what was right in the eyes of the Lord. What attitude should I hold toward the blessings and riches of my life? Let me count my blessings. 

+ **Identity** - In his time of trouble King Ahaz became even more unfaithful to the Lord. He offered sacrifices to the gods of Damascus, who had defeated him. Why is it that we call on God when facing difficulties, but stray away from Him in other times? 