---
cycle: 2022
layout: daily2022
categories: daily
language: English
title: "2022-2023 Week 95 Day 1: Delay in Construction"
date: 2023-10-23
weekNum: 95
dayNum: 1
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk95-day1-daily.html
---

### Question     
What were the reasons people did not want to build the temple?

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %}

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The prophet Haggai dispute the people for delaying the construction of the temple. Is it a time for you yourselves to be living in your paneled houses, while this house remains a ruin? 

+ Give careful thought to your ways. Go up into the mountains and bring down timber and build my house, so that I may take pleasure in it and be honored. 

+ The Lord stirred up the spirit of Zerubbabel, the spirit of Joshua, and the spirit of the whole remnant of the people. They came and began to work on the house of the Lord Almighty, their God. 

+ The Lord says: In a little while I will once more shake the heavens and the earth, the sea and the dry land. The glory of this present house will be greater than the glory of the former house, and in this place I will grant peace. 

+ The Lord rebukes the unclean offering which has caused failures prior to temple construction. 

+ The Lord has chosen Zerubbabel and made him His signet ring. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Before construction of the temple, the people have planted much, but harvested little. They ate, but never have enough. They drank, but never have their fill. They put on clothes but were not warm. They earned wages, only to put them in a purse with holes in it. When God is not the center of our lives, this is our Spiritual life, never fulfilled. Where does my fulfillment come from? How is God the center of my life? 
