---
cycle: 2022
layout: daily-en
categories: daily
language: English
title: "2022-2023 Week 95 Day 5: Righteous and Victorious"
date: 2023-10-27
weekNum: 95
dayNum: 5
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk95-day5-daily.html
---

### Question     
How do the Lord's righteousness and victory come to Jerusalem?

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %}

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The Lord's judgment will come to the land of Hadrak and Damascus. 

+ Rejoice greatly, Daughter Zion! Shout, Daughter Jerusalem! See, your king comes to you, righteous and victorious. 

+ Because of the blood of my covenant with you, I will free your prisoners from the waterless pit. 

+ Ask the Lord for rain in the springtime. He gives showers of rain to all people, and plants of the field to everyone. 

+ I will strengthen Judah and save the tribes of Joseph. I will restore them. 

+ Listen to the wail of the shepherds; their rich pastures are destroyed! Zechariah shepherded the flock marked for slaughter. He took two staff and called one Favor and the other Union. 

+ He broke the staff called Favor, revoking the covenant he had made with all the nations. Then he broke the second staff called Union, breaking the family bond between Judah and Israel. 

+ The Lord commanded Zechariah to take again the equipment of a foolish shepherd. For He was going to raise up a shepherd over the land who will not care for the lost but will eat the meat of the choice sheep. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - The Lord will proclaim peace to the nations. His rule will extend from sea to sea and from the River to the ends of the earth. How does this promise influence my life? 
