---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 69 Day 2: Warnings for All"
date: 2027-04-20
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2026/wk69-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 69
dayNum: 2
language: English
cycle: 2026
---

### Question     
Why did Judah and Samaria receive the same warnings?

{%- include BibleLinks2026.html -%}

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The word of the Lord came to Micah concerning Samaria and Jerusalem that the Lord may bear witness against them from His holy temple. 

+ Because of this, the prophet will weep and wail; will go barefoot and naked. For Samaria's plague is incurable; it has spread to Judah. 

+ Woe to those who plot evil on their beds. They covet fields, houses, defraud people, and rob them of their inheritance. 

+ Therefore, the Lord is planning disaster against this people. Others will taunt them with mournful song. 

+ The Lord will surely gather all of Jacob, bring together the remnant of Israel, like sheep in a pen. 

+ Warns the leaders of Jacob, rulers of Israel who hate good and love evil. Warns the prophets who lead the people astray and falsely proclaim peace. 

+ Warns the leaders of Jacob, rulers of Israel who despise justice and distort all that is right, Zion will be plowed, Jerusalem will become a heap of rubble. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - Because the leaders of Jacob and rulers of Israel despised justice and distorted all that is right, Zion would be plowed and Jerusalem would become a heap of rubble. Our conducts may bring blessings for others but may also bring suffering. How am I behaving?
