---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 99 Day 4: Faith and Deeds"
date: 2027-11-18
cycle: 2026
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2026/wk99-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 99
dayNum: 4
language: English
---

### Question     
{% include BibleLinks2026.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Do not merely listen to the word. Do what it says and be blessed in what we do. 

+ Look after orphans and widows in their distress and to keep oneself from being polluted by the world. Do not discriminate and judge with evil thoughts. Do not show favoritism or we'd have broken the law "Love your neighbor as yourself." 

+ Faith without deed is dead. Faith and deed go together, and faith is made complete with deed. A person is considered righteous by what they do and not by faith alone. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - We are saved by faith, not by our work to achieve God's standard. However, faith must bring about corresponding deeds. What does James remind me of with the message about deeds that come from faith and death of faith without deeds? Combine this with the teaching of not merely listen to the word but to do what it says and be blessed in what we do. What have I learned from this encouragement about faith and deeds in terms of listening to the word and doing what it says? 

+ **Identity** - We shall avoid tainting ourselves with the worldly norm of showing favoritism by appearance, discriminate and become judges with evil thoughts. It is not pleasing to God to look up to the rich and powerful. It is also not pleasing to God to place high up the poor and sufferings. What similar worldly norms are found in the environment I grew up with and am living in? How are they affecting me? How does God want me to treat others? How can I remind myself not to be tainted by those worldly norms that displease God? 
