---
cycle: 2022
layout: daily-en
title: "2022-2023 Week 79 Day 3: The Sin Offering"
date: 2023-07-05
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk79-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 79
dayNum: 3
language: English
---

### Question     
How does the Lord's servant suffer for us for our sins?

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The appearance of the Lord's servant was so disfigured beyond that of any human being and his form marred beyond human likeness. But, he will act wisely; he will be raised and lifted up and highly exalted. 

+ The Lord's servant had no beauty or majesty to attract us to him, nothing in his appearance that we should desire him. 

+ He was despised and rejected by mankind, a man of suffering, familiar with pain, and we held him in low esteem. 

+ Surely he took up our pain and bore our suffering, yet we considered him punished by God, stricken by him, and afflicted. But he was pierced for our transgressions, he was crushed for our iniquities; the punishment that brought us peace was on him, and by his wounds we are healed. 

+ He was oppressed and afflicted, yet he did not open his mouth. 

+ Yet it was the Lord's will to crush him and cause him to suffer, and though the Lord makes his life an offering for sin. The will of the Lord will prosper in his hand. 

+ After he has suffered, he will see the light of life and be satisfied; by his knowledge my righteous servant will justify many, and he will bear their iniquities. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - The Lord's servant had no beauty or majesty to attract us. His appearance was so disfigured beyond that of any human being and his form marred beyond human likeness. But he will act wisely; he will be raised and lifted up and highly exalted. Our true value is not determined through our outward appearance. Do I value how others see me more than how God sees me? 
