---
cycle: 2022
layout: daily-en
title: "2022-2023 Week 79 Day 4: Enlarge Your Place"
date: 2023-07-06
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk79-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 79
dayNum: 4
language: English
---

### Question     
What salvation did God promise the Israelites?

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Enlarge the place of your tent, your descendants will dispossess nations. 

+ Do not be afraid; you will not be put to shame. 

+ In a surge of anger, God hid His face from you for a moment, but with everlasting kindness He will have compassion on you. 

+ In righteousness you will be established: Tyranny will be far from you; you will have nothing to fear. 

+ Give ear and come to God; listen, that you may live. He will make an everlasting covenant with you. 

+ Seek the Lord while He may be found; call on Him while He is near. Let the wicked forsake their ways, for He will freely pardon. 

+ God's ways are higher than your ways and His thoughts than your thoughts. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - In the surge of His anger, God has everlasting kindness and compassion on us. The peace in Him cannot be denied by the worldly suffering and dread. Think about His everlasting kindness and compassion. Make that my comfort and strength. 

+ **Integrity** - Let the wicked forsake their ways and the unrighteous their thoughts. Let them turn to the Lord, and He will have mercy on them, and to our God, for He will freely pardon. Ask God to purify our hearts. Let me ask Him to forgive my sins and all things I have done to displease Him.
