---
cycle: 2022
layout: daily-en
title: "2022-2023 Week 79 Day 2: When Salvation Comes"
date: 2023-07-04
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk79-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 79
dayNum: 2
language: English
---

### Question     
What is it like when salvation comes to Jerusalem?

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ You who pursue righteousness and who seek the Lord, think about His calling and blessing. 

+ The Lord will surely comfort Zion. Joy and gladness will be found in her, thanksgiving and the sound of singing. 

+ Listen, people. Instruction will go out from Him. His arm will bring justice to the nations. The islands will look to Him and wait in hope for His arm. 

+ Those the Lord has rescued will return. They will enter Zion with singing; sorrow and sighing will flee away. 

+ Jerusalem shake off your dust; rise up, sit enthroned, Jerusalem. Free yourself from the chains on your neck, Daughter Zion, now a captive. 

+ Burst into songs of joy together, you ruins of Jerusalem. The Lord will lay bare his holy arm in the sight of all the nations, and all the ends of the earth will see the salvation of our God. My righteousness will last forever, my salvation through all generations."  & goto :_no_skip

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - God wants us: "Do not fear the reproach of mere mortals or be terrified by their insults." Am I afraid of the "mere mortals" in my heart? Or, do I have hatred when others hurt me? Let me hand off my grievances to God and let Him bring justice and righteousness. 

+ **Fidelity** - How beautiful on the mountains are the feet of those who bring good news, who proclaim peace, who bring good tidings, who proclaim salvation. Am I a true ambassador of the Gospel? Who else may I share the good news with and testify for His glory? 
