---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 69 Day 6: Bad king Jehoram"
date: 2023-04-29
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk69-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 69
dayNum: 6
language: English
cycle: 2022
---
### Question     
What disasters did Jehoram bring to Judah during the eight years of his reign?
{% include BibleLinks2022.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Jehoram succeeded Jehoshaphat as king. When Jehoram established himself firmly over his father's kingdom, he put all his brothers to the sword along with some of the officials of Israel. He reigned in Jerusalem eight years and did evil in the eyes of the Lord. 

+ In the time of Jehoram, Edom rebelled against Judah. Libnah revolted at the same time, because Jehoram had forsaken the Lord, the God of his ancestors. 

+ He had also built high places on the hills of Judah and had caused the people of Jerusalem to prostitute themselves and had led Judah astray. 

+ Jehoram received a letter from Elijah the prophet to warn him of the Lord's judgment. 

+ The Philistines and of the Arabs who lived near the Cushites became hostile against Jehoram. His bowels came out because of the disease, and he died in great pain. 

+ Ahaziah, Jehoram's youngest son, succeeded him as king and reigned in Jerusalem one year. His mother encouraged him to act wickedly. 

+ Ahaziah went visit Jehoram and was killed by Jehu. 

+ When Athaliah the mother of Ahaziah saw that her son was dead, she proceeded to destroy the whole royal family of the house of Judah. Jehosheba, the daughter of King Jehoram, hid Joash son of Ahaziah at the temple of God for six years. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Although Jehoram's grew up in the house of Jehoshaphat, his father, who did right in the eyes of the Lord but Jehoram did evil in the eyes of the Lord. Do our children who grew up in Christian families truly know and seek God? 
