---
cycle: 2022
layout: daily-en
title: "2022-2023 Week 82 Day 4: They will Perish"
date: 2023-07-27
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk82-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 82
dayNum: 4
language: English
---

### Question     
How did God throw the people out of the promised land and then bring them back again?

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The Lord wanted the prophet to not marry and have sons or daughters for they will die of deadly diseases and will not be mourned. 

+ The Lord said: "It is because your ancestors forsook me, I will throw you out of this land." 

+ The Lord said: "The days are coming when I will restore them to the land I gave their ancestors." 

+ The Lord, my strength and my fortress, my refuge in time of distress. 

+ Judah's sin is engraved with an iron tool, inscribed with a flint point, on the tablets of their hearts and on the horns of their altars. 

+ Cursed is the one who trusts in man, who draws strength from mere flesh and whose heart turns away from the Lord. But blessed is the one who trusts in the Lord, whose confidence is in him. 

+ The heart is deceitful above all things and beyond cure. Who can understand it? The Lord search the heart and examine the mind. 

+ The people did not believe the prophesy: "Where is the word of the Lord? Let it now be fulfilled!" 

+ Keep the Sabbath day holy by not doing any work on it. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - The heart is deceitful above all things and beyond cure. Who can understand it? We may even be deceived by our own deceitful heart. However, as believers, we already have the Holy Spirit in us to help us. So, God wants us not to rely on our own strength but to follow Jesus. How may I distinguish between the voice my own desire and the voice of the Holy Spirit? 
