---
cycle: 2022
layout: daily-en
title: "2022-2023 Week 77 Day 5: When Righteousness Comes"
date: 2023-06-23
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk77-day5-daily.html
weekNum: 77
dayNum: 5
language: English
---

### Question     
What was the end of Babylon?

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The idols of Babylon cannot be saved, they will all go off into captivity. 

+ Listen to me, Israel, I have made you and I will carry you; I will sustain you and I will rescue you. 

+ With whom will you compare God or count Him equal? 

+ God make known the end from the beginning, from ancient times, what is still to come. 

+ Babylon will be defeated. They showed Israel no mercy. Even on the aged they laid a very heavy yoke. 

+ Babylonians are lovers of pleasure, lounging in their own security and saying to themselves, "I am, and there is none besides me." Therefore, woe to them. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - God promised: "Listen to me, you descendants of Jacob, all the remnant of the people of Israel, you whom I have upheld since your birth, and have carried since you were born." These loving words have encouraged many, given them hope. Put these words into my heart and become my strength. 

+ **Integrity** - God condemned Babylon: "You have trusted in your wickedness and have said, 'No one sees me.' Your wisdom and knowledge mislead you when you say to yourself, 'I am, and there is none besides me.'" Do I believe no one sees my improper behavior? Let me repent before God without reservation, because He knows everything and sees my heart. 
