---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 29 Day 6: Blessings and Curses"
date: 2022-07-23
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk29-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 29
dayNum: 6
language: English
cycle: 2022
---
### Question     
What did Moses command? Whom did the Levitical priests say would be cursed?
{% include BibleLinks2022.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Israelites' livelihood depended on their relationship with God. The relationship depended on their obedience to God's law. So, they were to write all the words of the law on some large plaster coated stones when they entered the promised land. 

+ Moses and the Levitical priests said to all Israel that they have become God's people and must follow the commands and decrees given to them. Moses commanded six tribes to bless the people on Mount Gerizim and six tribes to pronounce curses on Mount Ebal. The Levites would recite to the people that anyone who dishonors their parents, moves boundary stone, leads blind astray, withholds justice from foreigners or fatherless or widows, has sex with animal, incest or dishonors his father's bed, kills in secret, kills innocent, does not uphold the law by carrying them out would be cursed. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - We always pick blessings over curses when asked. In reality, we often submit to our own fleshly desires and prides. We forget the sin behind the desires and prides. Let me atone in front of God, ask Him to purify my hear and sanctify me. 
