---
cycle: 2022
layout: daily-en
title: "2022-2023 Week 87 Day 4: Appointed the Watchman"
date: 2023-08-31
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk87-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 87
dayNum: 4
language: English
---

### Question     
What power and responsibility did God give to the prophet?

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %}

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The Spirit of the God entered into the prophet, sending him to the rebelling Israelites the message from God. Let anyone listen who wants to, and let anyone refuse who wants to, for they are rebels. 

+ The prophet obeyed God's command and ate the scroll full of warnings and sorrows and pronouncements of doom to give its message to the people of Israel. It tasted sweet as honey. 

+ Even though the Israelites were hard, impudent, and stubborn, God made the prophet's forehead hard as rock. Accompanied by the sound of a great earthquake, the Spirit lifted the prophet up and the hand of the Lord was strong upon him. 

+ After the prophet sat, overwhelmed, for seven days, he was appointed by God as a watchman for Israel, to send warnings to the wicked and good man who becomes bad, or the prophet would be responsible for their sins. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - God gave the prophet the power and authority to face the enemies when he answered His calling. Jesus gave us the authority to walk among serpents and scorpions and to crush them (Luke 10:19.) And, whatever doors you lock on earth shall be locked in heaven; and whatever doors you open on earth shall be open in heaven (Matthew 16:19.) From Ezekiel's experiences, what conviction do I have in the great commission the Lord Jesus had bestowed upon me? 
