---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 34 Day 3: To Perish Together"
date: 2022-08-24
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk34-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 34
dayNum: 3
language: English
cycle: 2022
---
### Question     
What situation was Samson in when he killed the most enemies?
{% include BibleLinks2022.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Samson left his father-in-law's in anger. When he came back, his wife was already given away. Samson avenged against the Philistines and caused the death of his wife and father-in-law. 

+ The people of Judah gave Samson up to the Philistines under pressure. God's spirit came upon Samson and he killed a thousand Philistine with a donkey's jawbone. God opened up a spring to save Samson from thirst. 

+ With lies and God given strength, Samson was able to escape from Philistines' attacks number of times. His lust for women caused him to give away his secret and cost him strength. Philistine captured Samson and gouged out his eyes. After regaining his strength, Samson pulled down the temple's pillars. Samson perished together with all Philistines under the temple roof. Samson killed many more when he died then when he lived. He led Israel for twenty years. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - God had given Samson great strength but he relied on himself. He prayed to the Lord only twice in duress and ultimately could not realize his God given talent. Am I often blinded by my talent or advantage and unable to see my weakness? Let me come in front of God to pray and ask Him to help me see myself. 
