---
cycle: 2022
layout: daily-en
categories: daily
language: English
title: "2022-2023 Week 91 Day 3: Turn Against Gog"
date: 2023-09-27
weekNum: 91
dayNum: 3
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk91-day3-sharing.html
---

### Question     
What happened to Gog? 

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %}

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The Lord told Ezekiel, set your face against Gog, of the land of Magog, the chief prince of Meshek and Tubal; prophesy against him. 

+ When Gog attacks the land of Israel, my hot anger will be aroused in my zeal and fiery wrath, declares the Sovereign Lord. 

+ Prophesy against Gog, the Sovereign Lord says: I am against you, Gog, chief prince of Meshek and Tubal. 

+ Then those who live in the towns of Israel will go out and use the weapons for fuel and burn them up for seven years. 

+ I will give Gog a burial place in Israel, in the valley of those who travel east of the Sea. 

+ Call out to every kind of bird and all the wild animals: Assemble and on the mountains of Israel. There you will eat flesh and drink blood. 

+ The Lord will display His glory among the nations that the people of Israel will know that the Lord is their God. 

+ The Lord said, I will now restore the fortunes of Jacob and will compassion on all the people of Israel, they will be brought back from the nations. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - When prophesy against Gog, the Lord emphasized that His holy name was profaned and yet His glory would be made known. In the sinful and wretched world today, do I see the Lord's name being profaned? What should my reaction to such profanity be? 
