---
cycle: 2022
layout: daily-en
categories: daily
language: English
title: "2022-2023 Week 91 Day 6: Viewing the Temple"
date: 2023-09-30
weekNum: 91
dayNum: 6
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk91-day6-daily.html
---

### Question     
How did the glory of God return to the temple?

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %}

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ At the gate facing eat, the glory of the God of Israel coming from the east. His voice was like the roar of rushing waters, and the land was radiant with His glory. 

+ Let the Israelites put away their prostitution, and the Lord will live among them forever. 

+ Describe the temple to the people of Israel, that they may be ashamed of their sins and let them consider the temple's perfection. 

+ Measure the altar in long cubits. Instruct the regulations after completion of the altar. 

+ The outer gate of the sanctuary, the one facing east, is to remain shut because the Lord has entered through it. The prince is to enter by way of the portico of the gateway and go out the same way. 

+ By way of the north gate to the front of the temple, the glory of the Lord was seen filling the temple of the Lord. 

+ The priests were denounced for their detestable practices. 

+ No foreigner uncircumcised in heart and flesh is to enter the sanctuary, not even the foreigners who live among the Israelites. 

+ The Levitical priests, who are descendants of Zadok are to come near to minister before the Lord; they are to stand before the Lord to offer sacrifices of fat and blood. 

+ Establish decrees with the priests that the Lord will be their inheritance. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - The Lord lives in the holy temple and it shall not be defiled by detestable practices. Today, it is our body the temple of the Lord and shall not be defiled by detestable practices. How may I stay alert and not defile my body?
