---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 95 Day 5: Pray for All"
date: 2027-10-22
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2026/wk95-day5-daily.html
weekNum: 95
dayNum: 5
language: English
cycle: 2026
---
### Question     
Why is it pleasing to God to pray for all people?

{% include BibleLinks2026.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ When going to war with our Lord, it is of the utmost importance to pray for all people, including kings and all those in authority so that we may live peaceful and quiet lives in all godliness and holiness. This is pleasing to God because He wants all people to be saved and to come to a knowledge of the truth. 

+ Man shall pray, lift up holy hands without anger or disputing. 

+ Woman shall act with decency and propriety, learn in quietness and full submission. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - What does it mean that the petitions, prayers, intercession and thanksgiving be made for all people including kings and all those in authority so that we may live peaceful and quiet lives in all godliness and holiness? Does it mean that we won't face suffering and persecution? Knowing God's will toward all people (including kings and all those in authority) helps us to learn to see all people through His eyes instead through our own feelings and benefits. Have I changed my attitude toward those around me? How can I pray for them? 

+ **Integrity** - God does not discriminate on gender when He asked of men and women differently, rather, the different natures of our sins necessitate different warnings and reminding. Reflecting on my temper, am I often grumpy or in control? Is my work worldly and perhaps unpleasing to God instead of holy? Do I focus on arguing about difficult problems instead of praying? Do I pay more attention to my appearance and fashion instead of my life's integrity? Do I like to express myself more than learning quietly? Do I judge instead of submitting? 
