---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 46 Day 3: Connect with Love"
date: 2020-11-18 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk46-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 46
dayNum: 3
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
How do Christians connect with each other with love?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ God's chosen people are redeemed through God's love. Likewise, being the church, the body of Christ, all parts of the body must connect with love, bear with each other, forgive one another, and bind together in perfect unity. 

+ Paul had great relationship and co-worked with many Christians of the time included the once opinionated Mark. 

+ The disciples of the early churches stay connected and co-operated with each other across churches. The elders and all believers also had great bonds as they carried out the great commission from Jesus. They united throughout the cities around the Mediterranean together and influenced the society of the time much more than possible by efforts of individuals. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Community** - There are two aspects of love between believers: 1 forbearance and forgiveness; 2. Teach and admonish. How am I loving others with all wisdom through psalms, hymns, and songs from the Spirit, singing to God with gratitude in my heart? 

+ **Fidelity** - We are ambassadors of Jesus' great commission in the world today. How am I setting aside of differences in race, heritage, region, societal status, and culture to seek unity in truth and by God's gifts and place to preach His gospel to make disciples all nations and baptize them in Him? 
