---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 46 Day 1: Mystery of God"
date: 2020-11-1 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk46-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 46
dayNum: 1
language: English
cycle: 2020
---

### Question     
What is God's mystery? 
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Knowing God and His will is an important part of all Christians' life. It is not something that can be obtained by an intense training or bootcamp, but a lifelong endeavor of following God's will. 

+ Jesus Christ is the realization God's mystery, His abundance, His knowledge and wisdom which are all within Christ Jesus. 

+ Preaching the mystery of God is a task God gave to Paul. He preached with all kinds of wisdoms to present everyone fully mature in Christ. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - To become a person of God's liking, of His characters, is built upon knowledge of God and knowing His will. All of these are through a process of gradual transformation which requires time. Do not despair for temporary setbacks nor be arrogant for small gains. To build God's characters, we must retain His word in our heart and produce a crop by perseverance. How shall I persevere with patience and not be frustrated and give up?  

+ **Fidelity** - To preach gospel requires all kinds of wisdom. It is a task that involves innovations where we need to build up relationships, to understand the society and culture, to explore the use of technology, to build up our own knowledge, and through all means to present everyone fully mature in Christ. How does this inspire me? 
