---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 101 Day 1: The False Teachers"
date: 2027-11-29
cycle: 2026
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2026/wk101-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 101
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Question     
What do the false teachers do and what will be their end?

{% include BibleLinks2026.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ There will be false teachers among you. They will secretly introduce destructive heresies, even denying the sovereign Lord. Many will follow their depraved conduct and will bring the way of truth into disrepute. 

+ God's response to those lawless, men or angels, has always been the same since ancient time. Their condemnation has long been hanging over them, and their destruction has not been sleeping. 

+ The false teachers blaspheme in matters they do not understand; Their idea of pleasure is to carouse in broad daylight. They left the straight way, never stop sinning, are experts in greed, seduce the unstable; They mouth empty, boastful words, and they entice people by appealing to the lustful desires of the flesh. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - The false teachers will appear. Do not be surprised when hearing or seeing them. We must know God has already determined how they'd end. This passage made examples of judgement brought about the sinned angels and ungodly people of the ancient world. The righteous Lord will not delay such judgement. The heresies and depraved conducts from the false prophets and false teachers of this age caused blasphemy of Jesus' truth. How does that disturb me? Has today's passage bring certainty and hope to me? Why? 

+ **Walking with God** - The proto-Gnosticism of the time may be the reason Peter mentioned false teachers several times in this chapter. Let me summarize the false teachers' characteristics through the description of their conducts in the chapter to help me distinguish them. 
