---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 43 Day 2: As God Intended"
date: 2020-10-27 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk43-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 43
dayNum: 2
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
What does it mean to become sorrowful as God intended?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Become sorrowful as God intended is not harmed in anyway. 

+ Become sorrowful as God intended brings repentance that leads to salvation and leaves no regret. 

+ Become sorrowful as God intended produces marvelous characters. 

+ Become sorrowful as God intended reveals a purified life. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - The life of a Christian is a life of repentance. We are renewed in the Lord so that we may become sorrowful as God intended to produce a repenting heart instead of being sorrowful as the world for bearing the fruits of sin.  What is it like being sorrowful as the world? What is it like being sorrowful as God intended? What is causing me to be sorrowful as the world? How should I turn that to being sorrowful as God intended? 

+ **Fidelity** - The God who comforts the downcast. Paul got comfort because some members of the Corinthian church repented because they were sorrowful as God intended. It was God's transforming power brought joy and comfort to Paul. Is there anything in my daily life, be it work, family, marriage, or children, causing me to become sorrowful? How does Paul's testimony help me turn to God for hope of joy and comfort? 
