---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 103 Day 6: Sounding Six Trumpets"
date: 2027-12-18
cycle: 2026
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2026/wk103-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 103
dayNum: 6
language: English
---

### Question     
What disasters came when angels sounded the six trumpets?
{% include BibleLinks2026.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The seven angels who had the seven trumpets prepared to sound them. 

+ The first angel sounded his trumpet, and there came hail and fire mixed with blood, and it was hurled down on the earth. 

+ The second angel sounded his trumpet, and something like a huge mountain, all ablaze, was thrown into the sea. 

+ The third angel sounded his trumpet, and a great star, blazing like a torch, fell from the sky on a third of the rivers and on the springs of water. 

+ The fourth angel sounded his trumpet, and a third of the sun was struck, a third of the moon, and a third of the stars, so that a third of them turned dark. A third of the day was without light, and also a third of the night. 

+ The fifth angel sounded his trumpet, and I saw a star that had fallen from the sky to the earth. The star was given the key to the shaft of the Abyss. 

+ Out of the smoke locusts came down on the earth and were given power like that of scorpions of the earth. 

+ The sixth angel sounded his trumpet, and I heard a voice coming from the four horns of the golden altar that is before God. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - When the angels were destroying mankind, they did not repent of the work of their hands; they did not stop worshiping demons, and idols of gold, silver, bronze, stone and wood - idols that cannot see or hear or walk. Whom do I worship? How do I know it's the true God I worship? 
