---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 26 Day 3: Protection from Men"
date: 2024-06-26
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2024/wk26-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 26
dayNum: 3
language: English
cycle: 2024
---

### Question     
Why did David stray away from God's protection?
{% include BibleLinks2024.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The Ziphites again revealed David's hiding place to Saul and he went searching for David. God then delivered Saul to David one more time. David's men suggested to him to kill Saul but David continued to spare Saul's live. David again questioned Saul and he expressed remorse. 

+ David could not trust Saul and escaped to the Israelites' arch-enemy Philistines and earned the trust of Philistine king. He went attacking the Israelites' enemies, the Geshurites, the Girzites and the Amalekites, but lied to the Philistine king that he was attacking Israelites in order to gain trust of the king. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - David left Judah to the Philistines. It seemed, on the surface, David did not believe Saul but, in truth, David did not have faith in God's protection. Why? What is the basis of our faith when we forgive someone? Is it based on their transformation or God's mercy and omnipotence? 

+ **Integrity** - David did not inquire of God when he went to the Philistines but totally on his own will to seek their protection. He strayed away from God and caused him to commit more sins. Although he used the opportunity to attack Israelites' enemies but had to cover it with lies. Is this pleasing to God? 
