---
cycle: 2022
layout: daily-en
categories: daily
language: English
title: "2022-2023 Week 90 Day 3: Judgment against Egypt"
date: 2023-09-20
weekNum: 90
dayNum: 3
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk90-day3-sharing.html
---

### Question     
What was the fate of Egypt?

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %}

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The Lord commanded Ezekiel to prophesy against the Pharaoh king of Egypt and all Egypt, the Lord would bring sword against them, Egypt would become a desolate wasteland. 

+ At the end of forty years the Lord would gather the Egyptians from the nations where they were scattered. He would bring them back from captivity and return them to Upper Egypt, the land of their ancestry. There they would be a lowly kingdom. 

+ The Lord would give the land of Egypt to the army of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon as their reward. 

+ The Lord would make a horn grow for the Israelites, and He would open Ezekiel's mouth among them. Then they will know that I am the Lord. 

+ The Lord commanded Ezekiel to prophesy that a sword would come against Egypt, the allies of Egypt would fall, the Lord would put an end to the hordes of Egypt by the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, He would destroy the idols and put an end to the images in Memphis, no longer will there be a prince in Egypt. 

+ The Lord would break the arms of Pharaoh and strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon. 
### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Pharaoh said, the Nile belongs to me; I mad it for myself. Therefore, God judged Egypt. What am I leaning on in my life's journey? How do I look at my own success? What does today's passage remind me of? 
