---
cycle: 2022
layout: daily-en
categories: daily
language: English
title: "2022-2023 Week 90 Day 5: Prophet as Watchman"
date: 2023-09-22
weekNum: 90
dayNum: 5
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk90-day5-daily.html
---

### Foreword     
We continue to read the Book of Ezekiel this week. The land of Egypt had fascinated the Israelites. In the eyes of the drifters, the simplistic mana, does not come close comparing to the fresh produces, fish, and all kinds of meats. God's way seemed tough compared to the rich Egyptian life. Judah looked at Egypt, with their invincible army and chariots, as their savior. Egyptian influence on them was like the world is to us today. It brings the desire for power, success and fame, means to control and source of comfort and lust for ego. If we believe and are attracted by the world to depend on the ability to achieve personal success and the pride of power, we would stumble because such strength is only superficial, and its essence is only a delusion.

### Question     
What was Ezekiel's responsibility as the watchman?

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %}

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ When the watchman sees the sword coming against the land and blows the trumpet to warn the people, then if anyone hears the trumpet but does not heed the warning and the sword comes and takes their life, their blood will be on their own head. 

+ The Lord made Ezekiel a watchman. 

+ The Lord takes no pleasure in the death of the wicked, but rather that they turn from their ways and live. 

+ If someone who is righteous disobeys, that person's former righteousness will count for nothing. And if someone who is wicked repents, that person's former wickedness will not bring condemnation. 

+ In the twelfth year of Israel's exile, in the tenth month on the fifth day, a man who had escaped from Jerusalem came to Ezekiel and said, "The city has fallen!" Ezekiel's mouth was opened in the morning and no longer silent. 

+ Those who listen but do not put into practice of what the prophet says, will be punished. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Community** - Fellow Christians watch over each other like Ezekiel watched over Israel. What should I do if I know someone who offended God? How may limbs of Christ be blessed by watching over each other? How may I watch over the world?
