---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 59 Day 6: Judah's New King"
date: 2021-2-20 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk59-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 59
dayNum: 6
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
How did Joash become king?

{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Joash son of Ahaziah hid in the temple of the Lord for six years. Athaliah usurped the throne. 

+ Jehoiada the priest anointed Joash. Athaliah was slain. In the seventh year of Jehu, Joash became king, and he reigned in Jerusalem forty years. 

+ Jehoiada made a covenant between the Lord and the king and people, smashed the temple of Baal. He did what was right in the eyes of the Lord. 

+ Joash repaired whatever damage was found in the temple. 

+ Joash took all the sacred objects dedicated by his predecessors and the gifts he himself had dedicated and all the gold found in the treasuries of the temple of the Lord and of the royal palace, and he sent them to Hazael king of Aram, who then withdrew from Jerusalem. 

+ Joash's officials assassinated him at Beth Millo, on the road down to Silla. Amaziah his son succeeded him as king. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - Even though Joash did what was right in the Lord's eyes since an early age, he still stumbled. What were the reasons he strayed away from the Lord's path? How is this reminding me and what expectations shall I set for my own spiritual life? 

+ **Fidelity** - Jehoiada's teaching and influence on Joash demonstrated the importance of proper education. How am I educating my children? 
