---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 100 Day 6: Making Every Effort"
date: 2027-11-27
cycle: 2026
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2026/wk100-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 100
dayNum: 6
language: English
---

### Question     
How may we become productive in our spiritual lives?

{% include BibleLinks2026.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ God has given us everything we need for a godly life, his very great and precious promises, so that we may participate in the divine nature, having escaped the corruption in the world caused by evil desires. 

+ Make every effort to add to our faith goodness, knowledge, self-control, perseverance, godliness, mutual affection, and love, to keep ourselves from being ineffective and unproductive in our knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ, to confirm our calling and election, never stumble, and to receive a rich welcome into the eternal kingdom of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. 

+ The coming of our Lord Jesus Christ in power, witnessed by Peter in his own eyes and foretold through completely reliable prophetic message, is true and trustworthy. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - God has given us everything we need for a godly life along his very great and precious promises are sufficient for us to grow our lives to be like Jesus'. Peter was speaking to those who believed in additional mysterious knowledge and false teachings. What does it remind me of that God has already given is sufficient? We can find answer to everything we need, so, how shall I find the answer to grow my life in the new year? 

+ **Integrity** - What are "these qualities" that appeared several times in the passage? Think about the meaning of each quality. What benefits does it bring me by making every effort to achieve these qualities? 
