---
cycle: 2022
layout: daily-en
title: "2022-2023 Week 80 Day 4: Deliverance after Judgment"
date: 2023-07-13
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk80-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 80
dayNum: 4
language: English
---

### Question     
What happens to God's people after His judgment on them?

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Advised those who are humble of the land, who do what He commands, see righteousness, seek humility; perhaps they will be sheltered on the day of the Lord's anger. 

+ Canaan, land of the Philistines, I will destroy you, and none will be left. 

+ Moab will become like Sodom, the Ammonites like Gomorrah-a place of weeds and salt pits, a wasteland forever. 

+ You Cushites, too, will be slain by my sword. I will stretch out my hand against the north and destroy Assyria, leaving Nineveh utterly desolate and dry as the desert. 

+ Woe to the city of oppressors, rebellious and defiled! 

+ Israel, wait for me, declares the Lord, for the day I will stand up to testify. 

+ The Lord will purify the lips of the peoples, that all of them may call on the name of the Lord and serve Him shoulder to shoulder. 

+ Sing, Daughter Zion; shout aloud, Israel! Be glad and rejoice with all your heart, Daughter Jerusalem! 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - The Lord points out the four sins of Jerusalem: obeys no one, accepts no correction, does not trust in the Lord, does not draw near to God. Reflect on myself, do I listen to God or myself? Do I accept correction when straying away? Do I lean on Him or on my own ability? Am I close to God and looking up to His glory? 
