---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 58 Day 2: David in Repentance"
date: 2023-02-07
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk58-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 58
dayNum: 2
language: English
cycle: 2022
---

### Question     
What was David's attitude after Nathan had rebuked him?
{% include BibleLinks2022.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ God sent Nathan to David to rebuke him and told him that he would be judged. 

+ Nathan started with a fable to point out that David was insatiable, had despised the Lord's command, and done things displeasing to the Lord. 

+ Nathan declared God's judgement that the sword will never depart from David's house, his wives will be tarnished under broad daylight, and his son with Bathsheba will die. 

+ David repented immediately. The Lord took away his sin, but David must bear the consequence. 

+ David fasted and prayed to the Lord for mercy to the child. But the Lord's mind did not change. David submitted to the Lord, cleansed himself and worshiped the Lord. 

+ God blessed David and loved Solomon, a son David had with Bathsheba. 

+ Joab subdued the Ammonites and invited David to receive the victory. The Ammonites were defeated. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - Nathan told David that his sin began with his insatiability. From his insatiability, what laws of the ten commandments did David break? David's seemingly insignificant insatiability, like Israelites' in the wilderness, became ever greater sin. How am I being insatiable with everything God had given me? Let me pray to God to help me to be joyful and satisfied. 

+ **Integrity** - Although God had made up His mind on the judgment, David still prayed for His mercy and, at the same time, submitted to His will. What can I learn about prayer from seeing David's worship to God after knowing His will would not change? 
