---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 48 Day 5: Live Godly Life"
date: 2020-12-4 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk48-day5-daily.html
weekNum: 48
dayNum: 5
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
From widows in real need to leaders of the church, what are the basic guidelines for attitudes toward them?

{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Respect godly widows. Their children and grandchildren shall first take up the responsibility of caring for them. Church may take care of those widows who are alone and in real need. Staying widowed is not the only testimony; Remarry to have children and manage home well is also good testimony. Therefore, encourage young windows to remarry so that they don't stumble by their sensual desires. 

+ The elders who direct the affairs of the church well and those who preach and teach are worthy of double honor; Accusation against them must be brought by two or three witnesses; Reprove before everyone those who continue to sin; Do not be hasty in the laying on of hands; Do not share in the sins of others. 

+ Treat people without partiality and do nothing out of favoritism. 

+ Servant must respect master. Serve even better those masters who are believers. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Community** - Under what circumstances and what encouragements for the older and younger men as well the older and younger women are pleasing to God with absolute purity? For those who are in real need, such as the widows, what is the guideline for supporting them? What about the church elders and leaders? 

+ **Integrity** - Absolute purity, respect godly people, double honor those who work hard, reprove before everyone those who (continue to) sin, treat people with impartiality, do things without favoritism. All these characters are gained through training to be godly. How has the Holy Spirit reminded me? Where am I lacking in treating people and things? 
