---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 48 Day 6: Godly and Content"
date: 2020-12-5 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk48-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 48
dayNum: 6
language: English
cycle: 2020
---

### Question     
How to flee from the desire and love of money?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Those who being holy for love of money bring about controversies and destruction. 

+ Love of money is a root of all kinds of evil. Eagerness for money, causes one to wander from the faith and pierces themselves with many griefs; Holiness with contentment is great gain to God's people. 

+ Man of God, flee from love of money, and pursue righteousness, godliness, faith, love, endurance and gentleness. 

+ Those who are rich shall not make wealth, which is uncertain, as their hope but put it to good use wisely, make it a blessing for others, and take hold of the life that is truly life. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - God's people shall flee from the love of money. They shall pursue righteousness, godliness, faith, love, endurance and gentleness. It is not to flee first then to pursue afterward. Rather, both shall be done concurrently. While getting away from corruption, we shall press toward the goal. Let me think about the meaning of righteousness, godliness, faith, love, endurance, and gentleness. How do these help me to build a firm foundation and take hold of the life that is truly life? 

+ **Identity** - Money is not evil but the temptation and love of money is the root of all kinds of evil. The uncertain wealth pierces us with many griefs. Put our hope in God, who richly provides us with everything for our enjoyment, helps us to lay up treasure as a firm foundation to take hold of the life that is truly life. What is my view of money? How am I putting my hope on money, which is uncertain, instead of God who provides me with everything? Have I ever been pierced by griefs and lack in peace? How shall I put my hope on God who provides me with everything? 
