---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 55 Day 4: Murder and Adultery"
date: 2021-1-21 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk55-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 55
dayNum: 4
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
What were David's problems in educating his sons?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Encouraged by Jonadab, Amnon devised a plan to trick David into bringing Tamar, Amnon's sister of different mother, to him and raped her. Tamar's brother Absalom hated Amnon. 

+ Two years later, Absalom devised a plan to trick David and murdered Amnon. Absalom escaped to Geshur. 

+ Three years later, Joab found a wise woman and devised a plan to persuade David in bringing Absalom back to Jerusalem. However, David would not see Absalom. 

+ Two years later, Absalom devised a plan to force Joab to talk to David to let Absalom meet and reunite with David. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - Amnon raped his own sister of another mother. David did nothing besides being angry. What should have David done that would be pleasing to God? Absalom murdered Amnon and escaped to Geshur. Why again did David do nothing? Why did Joab persuade David to bring Absalom back? David would not see Absalom after he had come back so Absalom forced Joab to help with his meeting with David. What was Absalom's motive? As a father, what should have David done but didn't do during the seven-year span of all these events? Have I ignored my responsibility as a custodian of my inheritance from God and did not do what I should do, whether I am a parent or not? 
