---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 25 Day 2: Of Little Faith"
date: 2022-06-21
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk25-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 25
dayNum: 2
language: English
cycle: 2022
---
### Question     
What happened when Israelites had little faith in God and believed the scouts' bad news?
{% include BibleLinks2022.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Scouts were sent out when the Israelites came to the land of Canaan. Israelites believed the exaggerated report from the scouts and were afraid of the people there. They didn't want to follow Moses, Aaron, Caleb, Joshua and wanted to turn back to Egypt. They rebelled against God. 

+ God suggested to destroy the contemptuous people. God promised descendants of Moses to become a great nation, they must enter the land. God was merciful as Moses pleaded for them but added that they must pay the price for their disobedience. Thus, no one in that generation except Caleb and Joshua were allowed to enter the promised land. 

+ Israelites became bitter and went ahead without God's permission. They were completely defeated as result. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - It can be seen from Moses's prayers that he knew God's attributes. And, that his prayers were to glorify God. Can I pray like him? 

+ **Fidelity** - Where in the scripture displayed the faith that gave Caleb and Joshua the will to advance into Canaan? What reports from the scouts were requested by Moses? What weren't? What caused them to report the bad news and oppose to Caleb and Joshua's strong faith by exaggerating their views? Is there anything I need to change in my service to the Lord? 
