---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 52 Day 4: Saul the Chosen"
date: 2020-12-31 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk52-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 52
dayNum: 4
language: English
cycle: 2020
---

### Question     
Why does the scripture say the Israelites rejected the Lord?

{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Samuel's two sons did not walk in their father's way. The elders of Israel asked Samuel to give them a king to judge them like all nations. By God's words, Samuel warned them of king's oppressions. They refused to listen and were determined to have a king to rule over them. 

+ The Lord said the Israelite's request meant they rejected Him a king over them. The Israelites disobeyed God just like their ancestors did when they came out of Egypt. 

+ The Lord chose Saul, wanted to save the Israelites out of the hands of the Philistines through Saul. Samuel took Saul and ate the offering with him then brought him up on the roof so that everyone in the city might see him. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - Israelites' request seemed to be politically correct, but in reality, they were repeating the sins of their ancestors. Does God not get involved in our social problems and political struggles? The problem Israelites faced was that they did not rely on God, but desired for self-reliance and worldly solution. What can I learn from the Lord's warning to the Israelites? As the light and salt of the world, what shall our mentality and behavior be when involved in political debate or social construction?  

+ **Integrity** - The Israelites challenged Samuel as if they have forgotten and forsaken everything he did in his entire life. Samuel was not angered but obeyed God's will to warn the Israelites in earnest and to find them a king. When Saul showed up to him, Samuel raised him up high in front of all. How was Samuel's character formed? What was his focus? 
