---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 52 Day 6: Saul the Sinned"
date: 2021-1-2 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk52-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 52
dayNum: 6
language: English
cycle: 2020
---

### Question     
In what aspects did Saul disobey God's will?

{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Saul made offering by himself in Gilgal for he couldn't wait for Samuel nor the Lord. Samuel told Saul because he did not keep the Lord's command, that his kingdom shall not continue, and the Lord had sought out another man after His own heart to be king.  

+ Saul laid an oath on his people to continue fighting without any food and caused all people to break the vow. After the people had broken the vow, Saul did not repent but tried to cover it up. When God did not answer his inquiry, Saul casted lots to find the offender but was ransomed by the people. 

+ God used Jonathan to save the Israelites with a small number of them from the hands of stronger Philistines. Jonathan cared about the people's wellbeing. When he was picked out by lots, the people ransomed him because they could see that he was with God in saving them. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - Saul seemed to try to turn back to God. He brought alone Eli's son as high priest as well as the ark of the Covenant. Then he laid an oath on his people to not eat until he had avenged on his enemies which caused the people to break the vow and offended the Lord. Saul then built an altar, listened to the priest to inquire of the Lord on the next step. Saul again offended the Lord when he could not wait for the Lord's answer but to find and punish the offender. What was his motivation? What was his attitude toward God? What have I learned from all this? Have I done similar things like Saul in my daily life? 

+ **Integrity** - Started with things that seemed small and negligible, Saul began to stray away from God. He had no patience to wait for God, used God as a tool to accomplish his own will, pushing aside of the responsibilities. Compare to Jonathan's reliance of God and the witness from the people, what have I learned to apply to my daily live? What was the root cause of Saul's wrong choices, straying away from God, and being rejected by God? 
