---
cycle: 2022
layout: daily2022
categories: daily
language: English
title: "2022-2023 Week 94 Day 3: Opposition to Rebuilding"
date: 2023-10-18
weekNum: 94
dayNum: 3
permalink: /en/daily/2022/wk94-day3-daily.html
---

### Forward     
We continue our reading in the Book of Ezra.  
May you all be renewed in God's word each day!

### Question     

{% include BibleLinks2022.html %}

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ After returning to Jerusalem, the Israelites came together to rebuild the altar, sacrificed offerings each day, and celebrate the sacred festivals of the Lord. 

+ In the second year, Zerubbabel led the people to begin the work on the temple. When the builders laid the foundation of the temple of the Lord, the people gave a great shout of praise to the Lord. No one could distinguish the sound of the shouts of joy from the sound of weeping, and the sound was heard far away. 

+ They refused to let their enemies to join in the temple rebuilding. So their enemies set out to work against them and to frustrate their plans 

+ The rebuilding effort was stopped until the reign of Darius. The opposition continued until the reign of Xerxes and the reign of Artaxerxes. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Community** - When laying the foundation, the people shouted to the Lord. Some with shouts of joy and some wept. We react differently to the same thing because we have different experiences. How may I accept other's view points and try to understand them? 

+ **Integrity** - Israelites refused their enemies' request to rebuild the temple and brought opposition to their rebuilding effort and caused it to stop. In real life, have I experienced unreasonable attack because of my refusal to offend God? How did God strengthen my faith? 

+ **Fidelity** - The Israelites rebuilt the altar together and renewed their offering before the temple reconstruction began. How am I building my relationship with God and make it the foundation of my life and serving the Lord? 
