---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 42 Day 6: Temporal and Eternal"
date: 2020-10-24 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk42-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 42
dayNum: 6
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
What should I keep in mind to have a God pleasing life?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ This is Paul's life: carry with him Jesus' death so that Jesus' life may be revealed; while his body is decaying but his heart is renewed each day; set his focus on the eternal glory instead of temporary troubles; gaining the heavenly building in place of destructible earthly tent. 

+ Disciples of Christ must commit to live for the Lord, to please God, and give glory to Him. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - The one who has fashioned us for this very purpose is God, who has given us the Spirit as a deposit, guaranteeing what is to come. This verse assures us while on earth, we may taste the joy of God's grace when we are surrounded by the temporary troubles so that we may be strengthened in faith and have hope for the eternal glory. The commitment of our hearts and the works of the Holy Spirit are inseparable. Do I have such experience? Is the Holy Spirit working or has worked in me to help me set my sight on the eternal home? 

+ **Integrity** - For we live by faith, not by sight. This verse clearly tells us to view lightly the troubles we see on earth but set sight on the eternal glory. What problems am I seeing? How are these problems troubling me and causing me to lose focus on the eternity? 
