---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 42 Day 5: aroma of Christ"
date: 2020-10-23 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk42-day5-daily.html
weekNum: 42
dayNum: 5
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
How do we demonstrate Christ's glory and aroma as Christians under thew New Covenant?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Paul and his co-workers spoke of Christ before God with sincerity, as those sent from God. And God led them as captives in Christ's triumphal procession and used them to spread the aroma of the knowledge of Him everywhere. 

+ Paul and his co-workers are ministers of a new covenant, of the Spirit, of the righteousness, and of the long-lasting glory. The Spirit of God causes us to be like Him with His glory upon glory. 

+ We are to preach Christ as Lord God so that the light of His glory may shine in people's hearts. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - Whether others believe or not what we preach, we'd have the aroma of Christ as long as we preach Christ with sincerity before God. What does "before God with sincerity as sent from God" mean? What does this remind and encourage me in my service and preaching? Do I boast for their conversion? Am I depressed for their resistance? 

+ **Fidelity** - What is the difference between the glory of Moses and the glory of the ministry of the New Covenant? What is the result of the glory of the ministry of the New Covenant? What hope does it bring to me for knowing this everlasting and life transforming glory? How does this hope help me preach the truth with courage? What does "commend ourselves to everyone's conscience in the sight of God" mean? 
