---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 49 Day 6: Facing the Past"
date: 2020-12-12 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk49-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 49
dayNum: 6
language: English
cycle: 2020
---

### Question     
How to face our past sufferings and mistakes?

{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Onesimus was an escaped slave from Philemon and had owed Philemon a lot. Led by Paul, he became a believer and was transformed by the grace of God's salvation. Philemon received the grace of gospel and was an important co-worker of the Corinthian church with much love and faith to testify for. 

+ Paul sent Onesimus back to Corinth to face his mistakes from past. At the same time, to bring the letter from Paul to Philemon asking him to treat Onesimus with love instead of authority. Paul would pay back what Onesimus owed and expressed wish to benefit in the Lord that Philemon would welcome Onesimus. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - The broken relationships can only be rescued with gospel. The manifestation of gospel is seen everywhere in the book of Philemon. Think about the gospel filled life when Paul handled this difficult relationship. How may I apply the same to my relationships? How does it help me reconcile with those around me? 

+ **Integrity** - By the grace of God, we may face our past mistakes with courage and forgive those who owe us. Through God's power, I may become the ambassador of peace. Summarize their lives' attributes: Paul's humility and gentle teaching; Philemon's faith, love, and obedience; Onesimus' courage and transformation. Where am I lacking? Where have I improved? 
