---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 49 Day 5: To Do Good"
date: 2020-12-11 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk49-day5-daily.html
weekNum: 49
dayNum: 5
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
What should our attitude and basis be for doing good?

{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The basis for us to do good is God's kindness and love, not our own righteousness. 

+ We need to be careful to be ready to do whatever is good, to be obedient to authorities, to be peaceable and considerate, to be gentle to everyone; these things are profitable for everyone. Avoid foolish controversies and useless quarrels. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - It is not because we are righteous, rather it is because God saved us while we are foolish and disobedient that we ought to do whatever is good. The basis for doing good is God's kindness and love for all who are lost. The ability to do good is from God's power in renewing us. Therefore, we need to connect with God to be ready to do whatever is good. What is my reason to do good? How can I gain the ability to do good? 

+ **Integrity** - It is our relationship with God that gives us the ability to do good. But, it does not mean we have to wait to be fully mature spiritually to begin going good! To be ready to do good means to prepare to do good at any moment that opportunity presents itself. What principles of doing good can be summarized from what Paul mentioned in what to do and what not to do? What does it mean to be "profitable" and "unprofitable?" What is the true "profit?" 
