---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 44 Day 6: All Work Together"
date: 2020-11-7 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk44-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 44
dayNum: 6
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
What is our responsibility in God's Kingdom?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ God's calling to Paul was to make the Gentiles disciples and through Jesus Christ made known to him the mystery to unit Jews and Gentiles with God. For this reason, Paul was not afraid of facing life threatening dangers that encouraged the troubled Ephesians believers. Because he knew for our light and momentary troubles are achieving for us an eternal glory that far outweighs them all. 

+ According to God's design, His power is displayed through and in all believers. In one way, it is through the spiritual gifts to each held together by every supporting ligament, at the same time, of the same body, same spirit, one Lord, one faith, one baptism, and one God being the foundation of all disciples' unity. 

+ It is The Holy Spirit gives us the gift of unity but it is up to us to make every effort to keep the unity. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Community** - God does not want a growth just for us as individuals but one with Christ being the head, church being the body, and all disciples connect to Christ together growing as one. Am I willing to accept help and assistance from others or just mind my own business? How should I grow with others to understand the vastness and the depth of God's love? 

+ **Fidelity** - The gifts God gives to individuals are to equip his people for works of service, so that the body of Christ may be built up. Therefore, we would see ourselves without bias and put ourselves to proper use as God intended only if we view our gifts through the viewpoint of building up Christ's body. How am I seeing my gifts? 
